hello in this video it is about the
inside resistance determination one
battery
in this case, this is dressed up here
Polymer battery of a clamping voltage
So an open circuit voltage of 42 volts
and a capacity of 820
milliole hours around the resistance
you need to calculate a load once
in this case, the two are parallel
switched 27 um resistors
you have to know the open circuit voltage and
the tension under load here have the
procedure is the first to be determined
determine the open circuit voltage
then measure the resistance by
and measures just the rl so the last
Resistance that is worth an exact
if have this sometimes
resistances small deviations you
always on it also ten percent and thus
you get a relatively accurate result
Of course you have to get the exact one
have resistance then you would have to
the voltage is under tension
last 00 o'clock divided by surrendered
Danish resistance of the battery sets
divided out by rl together
I 've had it all before
prepared
I have already found out the values
all measured
It could now say that at this
However, the values ​​differ slightly
I will go with those before
calculate data before that because that
is much easier now with the
camera and the video
So first you close a multimeter
to the battery to the multimeter is on
voltage measurement provided by the lithium
battery has an open circuit voltage of 39 52
I want to have noted here now 39 48
volt is the second resistance of the
resistance of these two in parallel
determined resistances
First, the battery is disconnected
then the multimeter will be connected to the
resistors connected and on and
put both connected in parallel
Resistors have a resistance value
from 13 to 67
now the multimeter will be back on the
voltage measurement and again
the resistors connected to the
to determine clamping voltage in the load case
is now the lithium battery again
Stand connected to the multimeter
There is a voltage of 3.88 8 volts
to the tension that I determined before
I have 38 92 want now one has
all the values ​​you need around the
resistance of the battery to calculate
the current that flows is therefore the last
So saves the tension on the
resistance in the last case divided by
the resistance value that would be here then
Is 02 84 71 ampere, the internal resistance
zero so the open circuit voltage - the
load voltage divided by the current in the
last because the resistance of the battery so
their resistance is here in this
measurement 0 1 967 small deviations
can arise from that
For example, no relative measurement
was carried out
as you can see here i have the
relatively button pressed previously in the in
I pressed the button during the measurement
it is only an attitude now
adjust thing with the camera in the
hand and filming
It's so easy. It's so important
easier that I calculated the previously calculated
and take certain warders than last
Any linear is actually suitable
umschau
do not leave the big temperature change
So, for example, can learn now
No light bulb will be taken as last
because the bulb in the cold state one
has much lower resistance than
in the hot state
Also, no semiconductors can be used
there will be a constant
voltage drops
yes that was it already want
for watching and see you later